# NETWORK-PROVIDER-DATABASE-MANAGEMENT-SYSTEM
PROBLEM STATEMENT: 
1.	There is a need for companies to manage and use large amounts of data produced by customers to maximize business efficiency.
2.	Raw data is produced by network service providing companies in the form of new client signups, call records, SMS, data usage, payments, etc. Since these businesses are primarily service based, it is crucial that this data is used by them to forecast client payments, comply with legal requirements, and expand their operations. However, since this data is not organized these companies are unable to use and analyze their data effectively.
3.	The data stored and processed by these companies are inherently sensitive in nature and must be safely stored. It is highly probable that this data may be targeted by external threats for malicious reasons. Therefore, it is crucial that these systems operate with the highest levels of security.

OBJECTIVES:
1.	To provide network service provider companies with deeper insights into customer behavior enabling them to develop more personalized services thereby improving user experience.	
2.	To manage the large amount of raw data generated by network provider companies by streamlining the processes involved with maintaining the database system.
3.	To maximize the security of private data being stored in company’s database.

PROPOSED SOLUTION:
1.	To create a database management system that takes in raw data and categorizes it into various fields and allowing the company to keep track of user information such as plan subscriptions, payments, network usage, etc.
2.	The database generates data pattern reports which can be used by data scientists, marketing experts and other business consultants to analyze, propose and implement business solutions.
3.	To control data access permissions and maximize data storage security, the database will employ masking techniques among other information privacy mechanisms. 

